what up Internet Corinne here and you're
watching my personal channel I don't
have any makeup on and kind of feel like
my eyebrows don't really exist which
means I'm doing the boyfriend / husband
does my makeup challenge
my boyfriend / husband not so good with
sharp little objects next to people's
eyeballs so thank you everyone who
requested this video the fate of my
eyeballs rests in your hands
let's get started shall we I'm here yeah
yeah I don't know what any of this
is no no okay thank you my eyes okay
there's cotton swabs here Foundation not
it
since it already it's pretty good yeah
yeah thanks oh now wait to do the eye
shadow imagining that's a lot of colors
a little bit of sparkle to it just like
your personality no maybe it's not
underneath I don't think it's supposed
to be underneath your eye looks like you
got beat up tonal colors oh yeah ah
am i that doesn't work um concealer
I feel like my the bottom of my eyelids
the ring from draw okay that's better
yeah that's kind of back to normal oh
yeah this is like a little marker
today careful okay I'm gonna rest my
hand on your face to get some maybe not
you made me mess up early
yeah oh yeah
Bernie now we want a mascara flicking
dildo this way oh wow that even sounds
dirty
no no yeah I got it I got it I got it
yeah I got it
I do it yeah I think so
no you did like a little eyebrow arch
right Angelina Jolie something then we
need the lipstick purple to go the
purple eyeshadow um so that is the
lipstick and then you need lip liner I'm
imagining right lip liner Wow you keep
on talking I'm moving you're making me
mess up you're scraping the wooden part
of the pencil
I guess my lip in it hurts oh yeah
accentuate those cheekbones what's uh
yeah I mean I couldn't get this off how
you get that off yeah I don't think I'm
gonna be asking you to do my makeup ever
again you know I hope you never ask me
to do this again I think with the
glasses it looks a lot better you can't
really see all the smudge marks well get
back to doing whatever it is you do okay
let's go
all right I want to go now I'm good bye
hey see ya see ya
makeup looks great yeah my lips look
like I've been doing unsavory things
with Barney in an alleyway thanks so
much to everyone who suggested this
video I want to know what kind of videos
you want to see me make on this channel
leave your suggestions in the comments
down below until next time bye bye